
What is a decoder?
A decoder takes a z which is a flat vector.
It takes an input. It produces a Loss function.
It also produces a probability distribution over the output
which is a function of the z and the input.

The input could be a flat vector. It could be a matrix (a binary image).
It could be a one hot encoding. Is that 10x28x28 or 28x28x10?

All decoders follow this format.

PixelCNN contains some learnable distribution, followed by a conditional distribution.


All generative models have Input, and produce loss function and probability distribution
over output.
Conditional generative models are the same have additional Conditional input (flat vector).

In my models the Conditional are always 28x28 for PixelCNN.

Conditional Pixel CNN.

There are 2 types of ConditionalPixelCNN, binary image and discrete image.

Each has matrix conditional input 28x28. Input is binary image and discrete image respectively.
Output is same Loss.

Generative Pixel CNN.

Two types, binary image and discrete image.
Input is binary image and discrete image respectively. Output is loss.

Variational Autoencoder

3 Types. Flat, Binary image and Discrete Image.

Input is 1 of the 3 different types. It outputs a loss function.
It may have output ports, but this is deemphasised, the important thing is the
decoder which is trained, which is 1 of the three different types.
The default decoder in this model is an NB decoder.

NB Models

There are 3 different types of NB Model, each takes an input and produces a loss function and
an output.

There are 3 different types of ConditionalNBModel, vector, binary image and discrete image.
The Conditional is Vector, and Matrix types respectively.


What simplifications are available?

We could make the type a part of the object specification.

Big picture stuff. They are all generative models, meaning, take input, produce loss. They also produce outputs,
but note each may have different sampling processes, conditional expects iterated repeat, VaE samples Z then samples
decoder.


